# Stream: 2021-09-23
### Note-taking Apps
- I'm probably gonna switch to Roam Research because Obsidian is making me lose my mind.
- Tru is on the Roam Research train again.

### Crypto
- Going to look into two technologies to do this: Ethereum and Solana.
- **MODERATION**
	- These are NFTs, and because they are, I can uniquely identify all of them.
	- Because I can uniquely identify them, I can denylist them.
	- If you break TOS, or do anything bad, I won't accept your NFTs.
- This will be the new version of my old channel point rewards:
	- Text to Speech
		- **COST:** 1
	- Light Control:
		- **COST:** 1
	- Fog Machine
		- **COST:** 1 (big cooldown)
	- OBS Control (change scene, enhance, etc.)
		- **COST:** 1
		- We'll use `simple-obs` to control OBS
	- Netflix / Square / Loom Referral
		- **COST:** 4
	- Change music
		- **COST:** 1
	- End stream
		- **COST:** 20
	- Make Coffee
		- **COST:** 1
	- Use Moonlander
	- Use VIM
	- Stream more
	- Wallpaper (audit)
		- 
- Ethereum
	- Ethereum will be expensive because of gas.
	- A couple ways to implement this:
		- A per-transaction fee on a single stream contract.
		- A stream token ($VJJ) that you pay a fee to get, and allows you to access the stream contract.
		- A stream token ($VJJ) that allows you to perform actions through a web portal (cheap).
			- Is this free (just gas) or do you pay me for it?
			- ERC721 tokens, limited quantity of open minted tokens
			- Can trade them (OpenSea)
	- Thankfully we can just deploy new stream contracts whenever we want. So we can always do one approach and change it later.
- Solana
	- Have not looked yet, but I heard it's cheap.

```typescript
interface Contract {
	setLightColor(amount: number): void;
	getLightColor(): [r: number, g: number, b: number];
	
	setOBSScene(amount: number, scene: string): void;
}
```

### Whole Noods
- Messaging
